My name is Naitik Varshney.I belong to Uttar Pradesh from where I have done my high schooling and intermediate.
Currently I am third year undergraduate persuing my Bachelor's in Computer Science and Engineering from Harcourt Butler Technical University, Kanpur.
Currently I am  teaching assistant at coding ninjas solving doubts of 1000 of students in Data Structures and Algorithms and also I am competitve programming
head at my college campus.

I am very much involved in the feild of competitive programming and doing it regularly for last 1.5 years. I am expert on Codeforces and 5* on CodeChef and
had solved more than 1000 problems on various platforms. 

Also I am recently got involved in the web development and have worked on some basic projects.

And Mam this is going to my first interviews ever.


Projects-- 
1) I use HTML to create the basic structure of the website and then implement some CSS to give some styling and presentation to the sites and 
then using some javascript I give some basic functionlaity to the site such as change of clouds depending upon the current weather condition
and using nodejs I created the local server. Using nodejs in the backend I fetch the current api and convert it into json object and impart current
weather details to the html file so that it can be displayed in real time.

2) There is one server class and one client class. Server classs create server at some defined port and client send connection request to server at that port.
When connection established both will be able to interact with each other.
I used BufferedReader to parse the data/msge given by other side and printwrite to provide the current side message to the other side.
I used multithreading to keep both thread of reading and writing running at the same time.
I used java swing to create the graphical user interface to get the real time expercience and using various key listeners.

3) Using nodejs I created the local server host to run my website. In the backend first of all for any url to be shorted first of all a unique random
code is generated corresponding to that long url and both of them gets stored in the databse. When user click that short unique code then using
express we search for the corresponding long url to that short unique code and when it gets find then user gets redirected to that original url.




Why do you want to work here - i see this opportunity as a way to contribute to an exciting and fast-moving company where I can utilize my skills and
knowledge for the upliftment of the company and where I will get learning environment to boost my career.



Questions- What are the technologies on which I have to work on such as web android cp as I am solving dsa on leetcode and i am curious as how will those
codes will be helpful to the company.
2) Will I have to work in the group or as an individuals?
3) 




Strengths- I am self motivated, versatile ie I try to orient myself according to the situation. I try to remain cool and calm.

Weaknesses- I am sometime little bit shy I many of time hesitate to ask for something from some unknown person.
Many of time I didnt get the satisfaction after completing some task. I keep revising that thing again and again.
Overthinker.